sal: sid_pal: store keys in KMU instead of trusted storage (#780)
nrfconnect/sdk-sidewalk: doc/releases_and_migration/release_notes_addon_changelog.rst

    On the nRF54L Series platforms, the bootloader now uses ED25519 instead of RSA.
    This reduces MCUboot boot time compared to RSA-based verification.
  * MCUboot configuration to align with NCS recommendations: picolibc and link-time optimization (LTO).
  * Persistent Sidewalk key storage to use Key Management Unit (KMU) by default.

>     Use ``CONFIG_SIDEWALK_CRYPTO_PSA_KEY_STORAGE_KMU=n`` to keep the default settings-based PSA trusted storage backend.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Set the Kconfig option ``CONFIG_SIDEWALK_CRYPTO_PSA_KEY_STORAGE_KMU=n`` to keep the default settings-based PSA trusted storage backend.
```
